[> Home](../README.md) [> Problem Background](README.md) > Business Goals, Drivers and Requirements

[< Prev](README.md)  |  [Next >](1.2.StakeholderConcerns.md)

---

# Business Goals, Drivers and Requirements

## Background

> The Spotlight App Platform is a sustained effort to amass a coalition of nonprofits to address specific needs within the communities we serve by leveraging a centralized platform as the base of operations to collaborate and make a collective impact.

We want to provide a matching service platform which helps candidates who need help that leads to career
opportunities are trained, facilitated and supported to build confidence and aim to reduce this with the least turnaround time.

## Business Goals

> Business goals are a predetermined target that a business or individual plans to achieve in a set period of time

1. Problem Statement #1: The decentralization and lack of support between nonprofits create gaps in service and overall impact.
2. Problem Statement #2: The lack of visibility of nonprofit groups and offerings creates a barrier to access to the people we aim to serve.


| Goal | Short description | Priority | Accepted |
| :------ | :------- | :-------- | :----- |
| Introduce user management | Allow to manage users and their group roles| High | Y | 
| Introduce community management | Allow to manage communities| Medium | Y |
| Introduce service taxonomy | Allow to manage service offering tree | Critical | Y |
| Introduce login/logout functionality | Enable basic profile features | High | Y |
| Introduce candidate signup | Onboard candidates | High | Y |
| Introduce NPOs signup | Onboard NPOs| High | Y |
| Introduce NPO recommender service | Bring automatic matching based on candidate assessment | Critical | Y |
| Introduce evaluation service | Enable progress tracking for candidates and NPOs | Critical |  Y |
| Introduce notification service | Facilitate user engagement| High | Y |
| Introduce meetings service | Allow to schedule and manage meetings for candidates and mentors  | Critical | Y |
| Introduce video service | Allow to publish videos | Low | N |

These goals will allow us to onboard first candidates and NPOs.

## Business Drivers

> Business drivers are the key inputs and activities that drive the operational and financial results of a business.

For DCC Spotlight, we identified three main business drivers:

- The number of NPOs onboarded on the platform
- The number of candidates who solved their issues with the help of NPOs
- The number of communities which bring partnerships amongst NPOs

All three are good metric to understand user traction. 

### Requirements and Engagement model

#### Functional requirements

> _Functional requirements (FR)_ are product features or functions that developers must implement to enable users to accomplish their tasks. So, it’s important to make them clear both for the development team and the stakeholders. Generally, functional requirements describe system behavior under specific conditions. For

1. The Platform must establish a way to incentivize engagement:
- sharing of resources
- collaboration, networking
- facilitating introductions and partnerships

2. The Platform must categorize/tag nonprofit support services to match candidate needs identified in the onboarding assessment to include but not limited to:
- Resume Writing Services
- Interview Prep
- Free Business Attire
- Apprenticeship Program Registration
- Training Program Registration
- College & University Registration
- Free Grocery & Meal Services
- Discounted Rent & Housing Services
- Daycare/Child Care Services
- Mentorship/Career Advocate Services

3. Tracking candidate progress is a hard requirement
4. Tracking engagement is a hard requirement
5. The Platform must provide a way to allow Non-Profits to publicize offerings to the platform that can provide some level of automatic matching for Candidate requests.
6. The Platform allows offerings to contain rich text, links, and downloadable readable content such as PDFs, but no other downloads.
7. Each offering must support a certain list of properties (defined by the platform), such as name, organization description, website, unique identifier (assigned by the Administrators) and other identification information.
8. The Platform must provide both operational reports (number of candidate matches / period, number of offerings / region, and so on) and analytical reports (projections of future desirable career paths, Offering gaps in a region based on demand, and so on) for use by Administrators.

#### Non-functional Requirements

> _Non-functional requirements (NFR)_, not related to the system functionality, rather define how the system should perform.

1. End Ease of Use (Usability) - Users should be able to fulfill their tasks in the system with ease
2. Accessibility - Properly designed system can be used by people with disabilities
3. Scalability - We can scale system to effectively use resources

#### Constraints
- Financial - Project budget and operation costs
- Time - Project should have the shortest time-to-market (TTM) 
- Geographical - US states
- Language - Spotlight should support top 3 languages used within USA
- Legal - Spotlight is a user-generated-content platform, we need profanity filter and a way to report problematic cases.
---

[< Prev](README.md)  |  [Next >](1.3.ArchitectureAnalysis.md)
