[> Home](../README.md)  [> Problem Background](README.md) > Assumptions

[< Prev](1.5.Constraints.md)  |  [Next >](1.7.RAID.md)

---

# Assumptions

> Assumptions are the prerequisites an architecture. They are the things we believe to be completed or true.

## 1. Integration

* Diversity Cyber Council does not need to be integrated with the design of Spotlight platform at this stage.
  Although Diversity Cyber Council can join the platform as an NPO entity. Future extension of the platform could provide an option for listing and networking events api to made externally accessible and shown on DCC website.

## 2. Networking

* Networking functionality is for requirement for NPOs only and not for candidates.

## 3. Candidates

* No payment is required for use of services

## 4. Number of requests

According to [Market Research](1.8.MarketReserch.md) within the USA there are 
* **1.5M** registered NPOs.
Highly ambitious adoption goal of within first year of **1%** give us:
* **15k** NPOs onboarded
* **10** mentors/NPO, gives us
* **150k** mentors registered
* each mentor will have on average **3** mentees
* **450k** candidates
* each candidate will have **4** meeting per month 
* Total of meetings per month **1,800,000**
* Avg. page request per meeting	**10**
* page requests per 18M/
* 6 working hours 
* Peak Requests per second - **41.67**

**Conclusion** Initial number of requests will be relatively low.


## 5. Development team

* Development team is relatively small, and the proposed solution should enable fast time-to-market and ease of changes
* Development team is cross-functional and have experience with major technologies available on the market


---

[< Prev](1.5.Constraints.md)  |  [Next >](1.7.RAID.md)
