[> Home](../README.md)  [> Problem Background](README.md) > Market Research

[< Prev](1.7.RAID.md)  |  [Next >](README.md)

---

# Market Research

## Nonprofit organizations registered in the U.S.

According to the National Center for [Charitable Statistics (NCCS)](https://nccs.urban.org/project/nonprofit-sector-brief#overview), more than 1.5 million nonprofit organizations are registered in the U.S. This number includes public charities, private foundations, and other types of nonprofit organizations, including chambers of commerce, fraternal organizations and civic leagues.

## Industry Analysis

Non-profit organizations are held to higher standards of transparency by donors, legislation, and other external funding agents, including the federal government, making competitive bidding a priority practice for their procurement needs. With every move scrutinized and challenged by external stakeholders, these organizations tend to constrain their procurement processes to transparent methods such as open tenders and those published to wider potential suppliers audiences. However, non-profit organizations use less procurement automation (26%) than the US nationwide average (34%), with heavy dependence on manual methods contributing to processing challenges and longer requisition approval cycles.

## Non-profits request for services

* According to [Claritum](https://www.claritum.com/r/article/why-is-not-for-profit-procurement-so-different/), a spend management and e-procurement systems firm operating in North America, non-profit organizations are held to higher standards of transparency by donors, legislation, and other external funding agents, including the federal government, making competitive bidding a priority practice for their procurement needs.
* A 2019 survey by Loopio on 500 North American companies indicated that request for proposals (RFPs) generated averagely 41% of sales revenue, with non-profits/government sectors generating the highest percentage (67%), followed by legal services (54%), and supply chain & logistics (52%).
* With every move scrutinized and challenged by external stakeholders, these organizations tend to constrain their procurement processes to transparent methods such as open tenders and those published to wider potential supplier audiences, accompanied by detailed records of procurement activities.
* Additionally, non-profit organizations tend to utilize quite formal processes and distanced negotiations to avoid any appearance of collusion with a supplier, with most instances involving competitive bidding, hence, discouraging long term relationships.
* Non-profit procurement habits also typically include online advertisement for tenders, online call for proposals to many suppliers, online and transparent shortlisting of tenderers, and online supplier evaluation, with records of the decision process and scoring filed away.
* However, a 2017 Levvel Research survey on 400 North American companies across various industries indicated that most organizations use manual-based methods to communicate about purchase orders, with 48% sending orders to suppliers through email and 16% calling suppliers to place orders. The graph below illustrates the responses received.
* Non-profit organizations use less procurement automation (26%) than the US nationwide average (34%), with heavy dependence on manual methods contributing to processing challenges and longer requisition approval cycles.
The graph below illustrates the results of the survey on average requisition approval times for non-profit organizations compared to other industries.

* The survey also featured the top procurement goals for non-profit organizations to curb challenges such as controlling and gaining visibility into spend, processes, and information. A full 29% of the respondents indicated a need to improve the processes surrounding data accuracy, while 14% indicated cost control and supplier negotiations.

## Collaboration

A
* Pandemic Has Permanently Shifted How They Collaborate and Communicate at Work
* Collaboration is More Challenging and Has Evolved
* 68% of nonprofits marketers say it’s harder to collaborate now than before the pandemic
* 77% of nonprofits have adopted new work collaboration technology
* Real-time and video conferencing apps are the top used, while more nonprofits start to use newer technologies like virtual whiteboards.
* 

---

[< Prev](1.7.RAID.md)  |  [Next >](README.md)
