[> Home](../README.md)  [> Solution](README.md)

[< Prev](2.4.Deployment.md)  |  [Next >](2.6.Reporting.md)

---

# Project Roadmap

We split our delivery into two phases to limit a scope and increase the possibility that value will be generated:

1. Workable Minimal Viable Product (MVP)
2. Post-MVP enhancements

## MVP Phase

> A minimum viable product (MVP) is a concept from Lean Startup that stresses the impact of learning in new product development

There are list of features we want to deliver within MVP phase. They will allow us to validate _early_ all the assumptions made.
Done in parallel with user testing sessions, it will help us to save money and attract more resources for development from investors.

### Service Taxonomy

Allows to manage service offering hierarchy without a burden. The key functionality for the platform

### User management

Users should be able to interact with system (login/logout, set & validate user permissions)

### NPO signup

One of the key requirement is to onboard service providers to platform

### Candidate signup

### NPO recommender service

Automates the routine of matching candidates assessment with NPO offering services. Depends on service taxonomy

### Evaluations service

Brings quizes and tests for candidate and NPOs to understand how close they are to the quality gate. Also keeps progress trackings.

### Meetings service

Allows to arrange and manage meetings with candidates and NPOs. One of the key functionality for the platform

### Notifications service

Facilitates candidate engagement via recalling him with emails/push notifications if she allowed it.

### Community management

NPO admins should be able to register their communities and get in touch with candidates early

## Post-MVP Phase

### Achievements

Allows candidates and NPOs to visualize and gamify their experience

### Video service

Allows to automate videocalls between candidates and NPOs, NPOs and community leaders

---

[< Prev](2.4.Deployment.md)  |  [Next >](2.6.Reporting.md)
